
I'm going to give you a list of words to make practice sentences . 

I want you to use a list of phrases used to ask/give directions here:

ir / seguir em frente
ir pela rua X
virar (na primera rua) à esquerda
virar (na segunda rua) à direita
virar à esquerda 
virar à direita
atravessar (a praça, a rua, etc)
ir até (à rua, à praça, etc)
ficar à esquerda
fica à direita 
	
Combined with a list of words that indicate city places/objects that are used to ask/give directions:

a passadeira
o passeio
o semáforo
o cruzamento
a praça
a paragem de autocarros
a estação de metro
a estação de comboios
a rua
a morada
a estrada
o endereço
o destino
a casa


I want you to generate random sentences combining these words using these words and different subjects. The subjects will use the mean of transport words to go or come somewhere in a city or country.  

Rules


The sentences must:

- Test the correct use of the verbs when giving/receiving directions. 
 
- I want to test also pronouns + verb conjugation, using the correct number and gender forms of the words. 

- The sentences must match words that make sense together. 

- Please try to use all the words at least once.

- Please note that the lists are not limiting, you can include other words that make sense when asking / receiving directions.

- Return the sentence in Portuguese, then the Spanish translation of the phrase. The Spanish translation will be given to the user so the user can type the form in Portuguêse.  

- Please provide the sentences in a tab separated format so that I can copy paste it to a spreadsheet. The purpose is to then load the list to ANKI to make study cards.


Example (You generated a random sentence):

Siga em frente até o cruzamento



This is what I would expect: 

Siga em frente até o cruzamento	Siga recto hasta el cruce


Please generate 20 random sentences that people would use in everyday conversation.



This is the list of words: 

ir / seguir em frente
ir pela rua X
virar (na primera rua) à esquerda
virar (na segunda rua) à direita
virar à esquerda 
virar à direita
atravessar (a praça, a rua, etc)
ir até (à rua, à praça, etc)
	